Up until now, I've insisted
on "using" One For All.
I should've turned the switch
on throughout from the beginning!
Imagining the heat that used
to only be in one place…
spreading throughout my whole body!
Wanna give it a try?
Yes.
Please!
I am Izuku Midoriya, born Quirkless
and a student at U.A. High.
With the help of my friends, I will become
the greatest hero of all time!
In My Hero Academia!
To keep One For All going
throughout your whole body.
If you can move while maintaining that,
then you'll be completely different
from how you were at the sports festival.
Now, what will you do?
We'll start with three minutes.
Three… minutes?
Try getting a hit on me in that time!
Crap, he dodged!
Pathetic.
If you can't even react to this,
then you won't be able to save
those that could be saved.
Someone extolled as the Symbol of Peace
would be able
to get over this wall in a jiffy!
One For A--
It'll take time to get it going
through my whole body again…
A single hit doesn't pack much punch,
but he's too fast to follow with my eyes!
Then, I just need a little time!
Come on!
Don't be stupid!
I can see you!
You won't be able to buy time like that!
Now!
You were trying to get me to stop moving,
huh?
You got me…
One For All…
Full Cowling!
Almost.
From behind!
That's the same as last time, kid!
Smash!
He can dodge this?
Three minutes.
Damn it…
It's hard just to keep it going.
I've still got a long way to go.
No,
you were able to attack me when I was
unguarded through analysis and prediction.
You think about a lot of stuff
normally, don't you, kid?
Just since yesterday you've already
changed a lot with just one attempt.
You made me dodge seriously
for the first time in a while.
This kid might become a monster.
All right,
now you've gotta get used to it!
Let's keep right on going!
Yes, sir! Please!
But before that,
now that I think about it,
we haven't had breakfast yet.
We… haven't!
So go heat up the taiyaki again…
They fell!
I'll go buy more!
I've still got a long way to go,
but I could see the light.
One For All: Full Cowling…
I'll definitely make it my own!
MIDORIYA AND SHIGARAKI
Hi-yah!
Don't do it aimlessly.
Make sure you focus on each action, see?
Because what counts the most in the end
is your basic physical strength.
Yes, sir!
He acts cute, too!
It's lukewarm!
You two
can't even make a decent cup of tea?
Clients come to the office, you know!
What're you gonna do if you
can't even attend to them properly?
Sorry, Mr. Fourth Kind!
Jeez,
it's really satisfying to hit your Quirks.
Yes, sir!
Thank you, sir!
A hero must give the people
who need rescuing peace of mind.
You must be capable, of course,
but your physical appearance,
speech, and actions
must be elegant if you're a hero.
Do you understand?
In other words…
Like this.
Sure, Best Jeanist!
I came to the wrong place…
After this photoshoot,
she'll be a guest on a radio show
and a magazine interview, right?
We're basically just her entourage.
I think this is a necessary
part of being a hero, as well.
I'm sure there is something to learn here.
I'm sure…
Probably…
She doesn't want to accept it…
Sorry to intrude so suddenly,
All Might.
It's all right, Tsukauchi.
Well, what did you find out?
Among those who attacked USJ,
there was the villain Nomu
that you drove back, right?
That strong guy, huh?
We did some tests on Nomu's DNA.
DNA tests?
Yeah.
We're not asking for your help
in this investigation,
so I'd be leaking information,
but I felt like I just had to tell you.
It's a clue to lead us to the mastermind.
After investigating Nomu
at a specialized institution,
we realized that it wasn't that Nomu
can't talk.
There's no reaction no matter what we do.
He is literally
unable to think for himself.
And regarding his identity…
We found out that he was just a thug
with a criminal record
of assault and extortion.
And you're saying
that's a lead to the mastermind?
Listen carefully.
According to the report,
there's DNA from at least
four completely different people
intermingled inside this thug's body.
DNA from at least four people
intermingled…
Is he even human?
His whole body
appears to have been tampered
with using drugs and other methods.
To oversimplify a bit, he's been modified
so his body can hold multiple Quirks.
The huge drop
in his brain's processing power
probably comes from
the burden that causes,
but well, what we're more
concerned about is his DNA…
and how he has multiple Quirks.
Even if different DNA is introduced,
unless there is some way
it can be completely integrated,
the bearer would not have multiple Quirks.
You must understand,
since you have One For All.
It's very likely that there is someone
with a Quirk that can give others Quirks.
Don't tell me…
Looking at the circumstances,
it would be reasonable to assume such.
That's why I thought
I had to let you know.
Has that man…
started to move again?
KARAOKE
So, you want to add me to your numbers?
No matter what you want to accomplish,
it is necessary to have conviction
and desire.
Those without it and those
who are weak will be weeded out.
It's only natural.
That's why it turns out like this.
Oww… That's too hard.
Kurogiri, take this guy back.
I can't move my body.
It must be the hero killer's Quirk.
This society overgrown with fake heroes,
where the word itself
has lost its true meaning,
and the criminals who
wave their power around idly
should all be purged.
Hey, wait a sec…
Not this palm…
I'll kill you.
You sure talk a lot.
Conviction?
I don't have anything grand like that.
If I had to say…
Yeah, it'd be All Might.
I feel like I really want
to completely crush this society,
where trash like that gets worshipped.
My last injury was finally
about to finish healing…
We don't have a healer in our party,
you know.
Will you take responsibility for this?
So that's who you are…
Huh?
It seems our goals oppose each other.
However, we do agree on one thing.
To destroy the present.
Stop messing around. Go home. Die.
I'm the kind of person you hate the most,
right?
I was testing your true motives.
People show their true colors
when they're on the verge of death.
It's different,
but there is "desire," a warped
sprout of conviction living inside you.
How will you bud?
It might not be too late to wait until
after I've seen that to dispose of you…
You're gonna dispose of me?
He's moving.
Kurogiri, I don't want someone
this crazy as a party member.
Tomura Shigaraki, he will be
a great asset if he joins us.
The negotiations were successful.
My business is done.
Now, return me to Hosu.
There are still things
I must attend to there.
Well, with the whole city on alert,
villains can't come out, huh?
I wonder.
Hero Killer: Stain.
I knew immediately
after I collected the information.
In the seven places
he has appeared so far,
he always injured at least four heroes.
I don't know if there is a purpose behind
that, or if it's just a superstition,
but that's what always happens.
In Hosu, Tensei's still
the only one who was attacked.
Tenya… I'm sorry…
It's very likely that he will appear
in this city again.
Come!
I will dispose of you with these hands.
INTERNSHIPS - DAY THREE
Keeping the five percent
and attacking.
Let's stop now.
If you fight against my tactics more than
this, you might fall into weird habits.
I can't even think about tactics
right now. I'm still not used to this!
Please let me fight more!
No, that's enough.
Change into your costume.
Let's move on to Phase Two!
Huh?
In other words…
Let's go fight some villains!
What? All of a sudden?
If you only fight against me,
then you'll have trouble when you
come across a completely different type!
The next phase is to let you
experience different types and situations!
In the first place, this is an internship.
Of course you'll be fighting villains.
What you are saying is quite right,
but I need more time to prepare myself…
You've already experienced
combat against villains, right?
Besides, we're not gonna touch
anything that big.
We'll go on a little excursion.
Because of the decreasing population
in this area, the crime rate is also low.
The reason there are
a lot of hero agencies in urban areas
is that there is a lot of crime.
And the higher the population density,
the more trouble you'll find.
Around Shibuya, you'll find lots of small
fights that break out on a daily basis.
By Shibuya, you mean the one in Tokyo?
I didn't think I'd be wearing my
hero costume in such a fashionable town!
You wouldn't get to wear it
if you weren't with a hero, right?
Be happy that you'll get to display
it on such a wonderful stage!
Which means,
we'll take the bullet train
from Kofu heading toward Shinjuku?
Yeah.
We'll pass Hosu City…
I wonder how Iida's doing…
I'll try to get in touch with him later.
SAME TIME - HOSU CITY
We'll be patrolling Kyoto today, too.
Sorry it's so monotonous.
It's fine. It is actually better this way.
Hey.
This is kind of hard to ask,
but you're chasing after
the hero killer, aren't you?
That's…
I couldn't think of any other reason
why you'd come to my agency.
Oh, but I'm really glad you came!
It's just,
you shouldn't act on a personal grudge.
We heroes do not have
the authority to arrest or punish.
The use of Quirks has been
allowed through their regulation.
That is why, no matter what the reason,
heroes must not use their Quirks
for themselves.
If anyone used their Quirk
for their own selfish desires,
it would be a very serious crime.
Oh, it's not that I'm saying
the hero killer isn't guilty.
It's just because you seem so earnest,
like you'd focus on one thing
and ignore everything else,
so I was worried.
Thank you for the warning.
Oh, it's fine as long as you understand.
Now, shall we go?
But…
But then… what am I supposed
to do… about these feelings?!
Hosu City looks nicer than I expected.
So, what are you gonna do?
I will reform this city.
In order to do so, I require more victims.
Is this what you meant the other day when
you said you had business to take care of?
I see you're someone who understands.
Hey, what're you trying to say about me?
"Hero" is a title given only to those
who have accomplished great deeds!
There are too many…
Too many who act like heroes
but are really money-worshippers.
Until this world realizes its mistake,
I will continue to appear.
He talks all high and mighty like that,
but basically he's trying to start
a grassroots movement, huh?
He's so noble I could cry.
You can't make fun of him too much.
The reality is that in all the cities
where Stain has appeared,
the crime rate has fallen.
Some critics attribute this
to a rise in heroes' consciousness
and shoot him down, though.
That's wonderful!
Heroes are working hard to bring down
the cost of food, huh?
So the "hero killer"
is also a "hero breeder"!
It's too roundabout.
We just can't agree at a basic level.
And he annoys me…
Kurogiri, bring out the Nomus.
You think you can get away
with stabbing me?
If I want to kill you, I just will.
That's all.
It'll be a wild contest.
I'll crush your honor and your pride, sir.
NEAR HOSU CITY
Um, this train won't arrive
until night. Is that okay?
That's why it's good!
There'll be more skirmishes then,
so it'll be more fun!
It doesn't sound fun,
but I guess I understand.
Using his smartphone with
someone next to him! Kids these days!
SEE YOU TOMORROW! (READ)
YEAH! SEE YOU TOMORROW, THEN! (READ)
TODAY I'LL BE PASSING NEAR HOSU!! HOW
ARE THINGS GOING WITH YOU, IIDA? (READ)
He read the message but didn't reply…
Iida usually responds within
three minutes of reading the message…
We're almost at Hosu Station, huh?
If you ever feel hopeless,
make sure you let us know.
We're friends, right?
Yeah.
Hey, look at that!
That building just exploded!
Where? Where?
What's going on?
Could it be a fire?
Passengers, please hold onto your seats.
What's with that--
A hero?
-Nomu!
-Kid, sit down!
Grand Torino?
Grand Torino!
What is it?
What's going on?
This is good. Let's make this flashy!
What did you say? A villain appeared?
All right. We'll head over right away!
Tenya!
We're gonna run!
Don't tell me…
No, this is different.
That guy wouldn't be so flashy…
So noisy…
The idiots have come out, huh?
I'll dispose of them later.
Right now…
I will do what I should be doing.
My body… won't move…
You bastard!
Die!
If you call yourself a hero,
you should choose your last words
carefully.
A child wearing a suit…
Who is he?
Go away. This is not a place for children.
A scarf as red as blood,
carrying blades all over your body…
You must be the Hero Killer: Stain!
You are, aren't you?
I have been chasing you!
I did not think I would find you so soon!
I am…
Your eyes… Are you here for vengeance?
Be careful of what you say.
Depending on the situation,
even children may become my targets.
Are you saying that I am not
even a target?
Then listen, criminal!
I am the younger brother
of a hero you attacked.
The younger brother
of a most excellent older brother!
I have come to stop you in his place!
Will you take this name for me?
Remember my name for as long as you live!
Ingenium. It is the name
of the hero who will defeat you!
I see.
Die.
Here's the preview!
Hosu City
is under attack by villains, where…
I have found you, Hero Killer: Stain!
I am the younger brother
of a hero you attacked!
So this is the reason
why Iida chose this internship…
My older brother was an upstanding hero!
I will not forgive you.
I'll… I'll kill you!
Next time, "Hero Killer:
Stain vs U.A. Students."
Ingenium. It is the name
of the hero who will defeat you!
Go beyond!
Plus Ultra!